Sprint2_Usability_Testing

Result/Changes:

Based on the feedback from our testers, there are a few things that we need to change and
improve.

Desktop version:

First, and this is the most important part. Right now for the desktop version and mobile version,
it seems like they are two different applications. And it’s true because while we were doing that,
we have two code bases for desktop and mobile, which would cause the non-relation between
desktop and mobile. It will be a huge change to our application that we need to have only one
code base for the desktop and mobile application.

Second, right now the application for the desktop version does not have a way for the user to
navigate pages, the users have to follow the path we told them during testing and type it into the
url to navigate the pages they want. We need to add a register button in the login page for the
user to create an account. After login, we need to provide a way for the user to navigate to the
home page. And after the user posts their posts, we need to provide a way for the user to go
back to the home page and a way for the user to navigate to their personal page in the
homepage.

Third, right now the sign up is navigating to the edit profile page, and since we don’t have a
logout functionality in our application, it means the user will have to go to the login page from
the url path which does not make any sense, so we will need to change the page that is
navigated to login page after the user registered their account..

Fourth, in the profile page, we need to provide a more clear way to let the user know they could
change their profile picture by clicking the icon. And if the user doesn’t set the profile picture but
still clicks the submit button in the profile page, it needs to have an error message come out to
tell the user to set the profile picture. And after the user changes the profile picture, they should
be able to see the icon change to the picture they submitted so that they will know they
submitted successfully.

Mobile version:

First, in the edit profile page, the blue top bar seems not harmonious with the background. And
while the user edits their profile, they seem not knowing they should have a profile picture. So
we will need to either have an error message pop out if there is no profile picture when the user
saves their profile information or have a default profile picture if the users don’t set one.

Second, in the users’ personal page, the page looks like it’s being cut off and has a half page
black. We will need to have the blue bar in the bottom of the page so that even if the user does
not have any posts, it will still take up the whole page.

Third, in the commenting page, the comment bar does not have the same style with the
background and it’s hard to see the submit comment button. And we will need to fix that by
changing its css style.

Fourth, right now the sign up is navigating to the edit profile page, and since we don’t have a
logout functionality in our application, it means the user will have to go to the login page from
the url path which does not make any sense, so we will need to change the page that is
navigated after the user registered their account.