Usability Testing Script

Introduction:

Hi, {user’s name}. My name is {my name}, how are you doing today?

I really appreciate you taking time to participate in this testing.
So let me explain how this will go. I will start by asking a few background questions about
yourself. And I will then ask you to perform some tasks on our social media application. Once
the tasks have been completed, I would like you to give some feedback about our application.

Do you have any questions before we start?

Background question:

So, {user’s name}. What social media platforms are you using in your daily life?
Which one do you use the most?
How often do you use this social media?

Tasks:

Thanks for your answers. We are now ready to start the test. Before we start, I would like to
remind you of a few things. First off, remember that we aren’t testing you today, we’re testing
our application. So if something isn’t working, don’t worry, it’s a problem with our software and
not something you’ve done wrong. In fact, there are no wrong answers here. Don’t feel bad
while complaining about this application. The more feedback you give, the better change we
could make to our application.

So let’s being, please go to the link that is provided and share your screen

Task 1:
So right now I would like you to register and login to this application?
How hard do you think it is for you to register and login to the application?
Do you find any things that are not reasonable for you?

Task 2:
So right now I would like you to modify your personal profile?
How hard do you think it is for you to modify your personal profile?
Do you find any things that are not reasonable for you while modifying your profile?

Task 3:
So right now I would like you to try to make a post?
How hard do you think it is for you to make a post?
Do you find any things that are not reasonable for you while making the post?

Feedback:
And that’s the final task finished. Before we leave I would like to ask you about some general
feedback about our application so far?

Thank you for that. Is there anything you would like to add before we finish up?
Great, I would like to end this testing at this moment. Thank you again so much for taking the
time to take this test. Your feedback will be extremely helpful for us. I would like to end this
testing at this moment. Have a nice day!